# 1/5

## **What did I discover new about myself?**

that i can resist to temptations more that i think i can. 

## **What can I do better tomorrow?**

keep up more with what the calender tells me to do in the moment.

## **What was the best thing that happened to me today?**

going to go eat with my friends

## **What made you particularly proud or grateful?**

waking in the morning and dancing all over the house before every one wakes up

## **How much stress did I experience?**

not much I think that I managing to control it to some level.

## **What made me smile?**

something funny that happened with my friends on the restaurant 

## **Did I do something that was out my comfort zone?**

No

## What was your peak experience or accomplishment in the past day? Your main challenge?

waking up, was really difficult, but when i woke up i felt much better. 

## What emotional reactions, stresses or tensions were triggered in the last 24 hours?

Two projects that i need to send in, and one of them that didn’t even started right, but I have the best friend to help with that, so i not worrying much.

## What decisions need to be made? What problems need to be solved?

finishing the queries in the SQL project, i did go although i really didn’t felt like it, and i’m really glad tahat i did, conclusion **when you fill unconfatble you’re in the right path,**

## What early warning signals are calling for your attention?

-

## What strong desires did you notice?

to finish the project

## What can you do to improve your health, energy and memory?

nofap started