# Week 17

# Daily Reviews

[30/4](30%204%20cb5f941db2fe4fc3aa18e8dfcf194900.md)

[1/5](1%205%200fd51c23bdd7467585dd83b2d8f316ff.md)

[2/5](2%205%201a1418896e014db68102360754305f20.md)

[3/5](3%205%209ce22238a77c451eb4fdc69794658e55.md)

---

# ToDo

- [x]  Process all of the side-notes, SMS, Videos, any “incoming” items and get them into their right place. (for google keep, ToDoist)
- [x]  Write down anything that’s taking up mind space recently but hasn’t been captured in the system.
- [x]  Flip through the last 2-3 weeks in the calender to look for anything that may require follow-up in the next week.
- [x]  Get your Clander ready for the next week, and ensure that you have every thing that you need for the next week events.
- [ ]  Look trough all of the **projects list** to assess their progress and make additional action items to go forward.
- [ ]  Check any lists such as “Business ideas”, “Books to read”, “Vacations Plans” and any of them that you can take this week.

---

# Q’s

## What did I get done this week versus what I planned to get done?

I did get about 20 hours of learning, just because I didn’t in the mood to most of the time, i can see from I calender, most of int i empty.

---

## What unexpectedly arose this week that blocked my productivity?

My projects assignment and don’t able to change my mood for work, need to learn how remind my self about the end goal and what is sacrifice.

---

## Why was I so efficient this week as compared to the last one?

i was more efficient in the learning that I did but, in the work outs and the following of the routines not so much, and I’ll change that this week. 

---

## How do i feel did this week overall ?

I felt alright but I missing more **discipline.**  

---

## What enabled me to reach my goals this week ?

i Didn’t reach the goals that I set to myself this week, but using the discipline muscle will help. 

---

## Has Anything stopped me from reaching my goals this week ?

Myself, my Mood, my lack of Discipline

---

## Which actions did i take this week that will propel me towards my long-term goals ?

learning cybersecurity for getting my work, going for a walk with my friend for being happy.

---

## How can I improve next week ?

- Use Discipline
- Do every Work out
- **Say No** (Even to things that you’re really want to do)
- Stick to my schedule
- Follow all of the step, especially when you don’t want to.

---

## What can I do next that will set me up for my long-term goals ?

- Learn as much as  you can, even if you don’t want
- Read the book
- **Remove Emotions from the actions**

---

## What should I plan for in the the next month ? Year ? 5 Years ?

- Buying a car
- Going to a Vacation
- Buying a house
- Moving out

---

# Measurable Goals

| Metric | Goal | Actual | Plan of action for next week |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 30 Hours | Learning Cybersecurity |  |  |
| 7 Chapters  | Read /Listen   |  |  |
| 5 Workouts | Do Workouts |  |  |