# 11/5

## **What did I discover new about myself?**

that I don’t learn from mistakes in a specifics subjects

## **What can I do better tomorrow?**

Don’t let yourself fall done the temptations, exercise to say NO!.

## **What was the best thing that happened to me today?**

listening to the Jacko podcast

## **What am I most proud of? (**Take a moment to consider from the current day. Capture one or more moments you're proud of on paper.**)**

the ability to not break one several things, but no all.  

## **How did I grow? (Describe a moment where you made some lemonade: How did you grow from a setback? What did you notice about yourself in the process?)**

I cleaned my house while waiting for my computer charging.

## **What's one thing I wish to release?**

(What behavior, thought, relationship, or thing do you wish to leave behind in 2017? Which experiences drag you down, keep you from being productive, or make you your best self?)

the fear of getting getting something, I know that I most probably won’t.

## **What am I grateful for?**

Make a list of at least five things you're grateful for:

1. waking up in the morning
2. speaking with my best friend
3. Listening to a podcast
4. finishing a cybersecurity course

## **What made me smile?**

the joke in the Jacko Podcast that made my laugh

## **Did I do something that was out my comfort zone?**

—

## What was your peak experience or accomplishment in the past day? Your main challenge?

didn’t have

## What decisions need to be made? What problems need to be solved?

couple of things in the ToDo list. 

## What early warning signals are calling for your attention?

some health things, that came in my attention with the andrew’s cameo in Jacko’s podcast. 

## What strong desire did you notice?

to start working

## What can you do to improve your health, energy and memory?

managing stress