# 12/5

## **What did I discover new about myself?**

that I **really need to start to the classes in collage serious, at least until I can re-learn the material again.  

## **What can I do better tomorrow?**

be more focused and don’t break, just put a foot in front of the other and keep the fuck going. 

## **What was the best thing that happened to me today?**

I got the realization that i need to push harder if I wanted to finish of the class (because now i have competition) and maintain the hopefully work that I’ll get in the upcoming month.

## **What am I most proud of? (**Take a moment to consider from the current day. Capture one or more moments you're proud of on paper.**)**

I have some streak in my routines, and keeping this up 

## **How did I grow? (Describe a moment where you made some lemonade: How did you grow from a setback? What did you notice about yourself in the process?)**

I got to the realization that, I need to pump up everything that I’m doing to get up to what I want to achieve in my life in the short-term, it’ll be hard, very hard but worth it at the end.

## **What's one thing I wish to release?**

(What behavior, thought, relationship, or thing do you wish to leave behind in 2017? Which experiences drag you down, keep you from being productive, or make you your best self?)

My Pride

## **What am I grateful for?**

Make a list of at least five things you're grateful for:

1. The Realization
2. Getting up in the morning
3. Be Healthy
4. the weekend
5. my Family

## **What made me smile?**

some laugh that was in the classroom today.

## **Did I do something that was out my comfort zone?**

in the morning when the alarm went off, I really wanted to continue to sleep and the bed was feeling so good, but I knew that if I would start to negotiate with my self I would end up eventually sleeping the ruining my morning, so I started to count to 3 and got up and started the day.

## What was your peak experience or accomplishment in the past day? Your main challenge?

I didn’t that today

## What early warning signals are calling for your attention?

the realization 

## What strong desire did you notice?

to fucking finish the courses and start to working. 

## What can you do to improve your health, energy and memory?

Not Giving a Fuck, Life is short, but not short enough.