# 8/5

## **What did I discover new about myself?**

need to be more tolerance with hard things, **Mentally and Physically**.

## **What can I do better tomorrow?**

Fight the urge to Fap, because at the end you only need to fight it once.

## **What was the best thing that happened to me today?**

Finishing with the SQL Project for good

## **What made you particularly proud or grateful?**

after a listen to a podcast about the war in Iraq and the horrors that the citizens of Iraq had to go through to finally get killed, gave me a feeling of Gratefulness about where I’m in my life and don’t have to suffer just to live unlike them.   

## **How much stress did I experience?**

not much

## **What made me smile?**

seeing a couple of my friends from class that i wouldn’t see anymore in the School structure at least.

## **Did I do something that was out my comfort zone?**

I got about this challenge of **Dopamine Detox** and it’s day 2 and going trough it, it’s needs to be uncountable to get you out from the comfort-zone and grow as a person.   

## What was your peak experience or accomplishment in the past day? Your main challenge?

the challenge that I failed in NoFap, that once I did I regraded, I have to be more upfront about dealing with the discomfort (the daemon isn’t that bad as you image it to be).

## What emotional reactions, stresses or tensions were triggered in the last 24 hours?

No Much

## What decisions need to be made? What problems need to be solved?

Getting the wheel for my life back. 

## What early warning signals are calling for your attention?

the slavery of myself to the devices and their un-limited content.

## What strong desires did you notice?

to be great with discipline

## What can you do to improve your health, energy and memory?

Dopamine Detox