# Week 18

# Daily Reviews

[Daily Assessment Review template](Daily%20Assessment%20Review%20template%204d0c595fb91b4c5db634592760ece99c.md)

[8/5](8%205%20f816476486a34716abb9b3fcb9fd94af.md)

[9/5](9%205%20e5db18922ce3497dadab771380dbf670.md)

[10/5](10%205%204431f1c1b0b14f60a3ff59a577c09f02.md)

[11/5](11%205%2034500b223cf14941a54cc3beb68a0b6a.md)

[12/5](12%205%208dffa6b70aec4e59ba097a0162e6b4e5.md)

---

# ToDo

- [x]  Process all of the side-notes, SMS, Videos, any “incoming” items and get them into their right place. (for google keep, ToDoist)
- [x]  Write down anything that’s taking up mind space recently but hasn’t been captured in the system.
- [x]  Flip through the last 2-3 weeks in the calender to look for anything that may require follow-up in the next week.
- [x]  Get your Clander ready for the next week, and ensure that you have every thing that you need for the next week events.
- [ ]  Look trough all of the **projects list** to assess their progress and make additional action items to go forward.
- [ ]  Check any lists such as “Business ideas”, “Books to read”, “Vacations Plans” and any of them that you can take this week.

---

# Q’s

## What did I get done this week versus what I planned to get done?

in the table below

---

## What unexpectedly arose this week that blocked my productivity?

---

## Why was I so efficient this week as compared to the last one?

---

## How do i feel did this week overall ?

---

## What enabled me to reach my goals this week ?

---

## Has Anything stopped me from reaching my goals this week ?

---

## Which actions did i take this week that will propel me towards my long-term goals ?

---

## How can I improve next week ?

---

## What can I do next that will set me up for my long-term goals ?

---

## What should I plan for in the the next month ? Year ? 5 Years ?

---