# Daily Assessment Review template

## **What did I discover new about myself?**
my discipline isn't not very much high as I thought it is

## **What can I do better tomorrow?**
Not break and feel the pain, get comfortable with the suffering, at the end you'll get what you want and even more.

## **What was the best thing that happened to me today?**
It was fun to see the movies and paly the game.
## What am I most proud of? 
(Take a moment to consider from the current day. Capture one or more moments you're proud of on paper.)
I Did take a lot of breaks but I some things, but I didn't hit m goals for the day, but I can to that a lot better tomorrow.

## **How did I grow? (Describe a moment where you made some lemonade: How did you grow from a setback? What did you notice about yourself in the process?)**
understating that there is not way to get ride of the suffering and the pain
## **What's one thing I wish to release?**

(What behavior, thought, relationship, or thing do you wish to leave behind in 2017? Which experiences drag you down, keep you from being productive, or make you
your best self?)
The Fear  

## **What am I grateful for?**
Make a list of at least five things you're grateful for:
1. My Family
2. My Health
3. My Existence
4. Everything
5. Happiness

## **What made me smile?**
not much 

## **Did I do something that was out my comfort zone?**
no

## What was your peak experience or accomplishment in the past day? Your main challenge?
nothing

## What strong desire did you notice?
to start working in the new job

## What can you do to improve your health, energy and memory?
realizing that everyone dies, enjoy the passage of time