# 22/5

## **What did I discover new about myself?**

that once I feel discomfort I get familiar with it and can do the “uncomfortable things”

## **What can I do better tomorrow?**

get up in the morning in time and get my work out done, and suffer through.

## **What was the best thing that happened to me today?**

looking at the calendar at the end of the day and see all of the time block that I worked in, packed and busy day.

## **What am I most proud of? (**Take a moment to consider from the current day. Capture one or more moments you're proud of on paper.**)**

get my ass to sit down and learn the things that I need to al those hours.

## **How did I grow? (Describe a moment where you made some lemonade: How did you grow from a setback? What did you notice about yourself in the process?)**

I didn’t got up right on time in the morning and I set the day and went trough it and go it done, after not the best start for the day.

## **What's one thing I wish to release?**

(What behavior, thought, relationship, or thing do you wish to leave behind in 2017? Which experiences drag you down, keep you from being productive, or make you your best self?)

worrying on stuff that are basically nothing

## **What am I grateful for?**

Make a list of at least five things you're grateful for:

1. Discomfort
2. my Family
3. Health
4. my Best-Friend
5. Everything

## **What made me smile?**

It did feel good to see the calendar at the end of the day.

## **Did I do something that was out my comfort zone?**

sitting down and putting in those hours

## What can you do to improve your health, energy and memory?

Not giving a fuck