# 23/5

## **What did I discover new about myself?**

I Can Do It, It’ll be hard but i can do it.

## **What can I do better tomorrow?**

not wasting time for nothing, be focus

wake up in time 

## **What was the best thing that happened to me today?**

the learning, really love the material

## **What am I most proud of? (**Take a moment to consider from the current day. Capture one or more moments you're proud of on paper.**)**

tough I didn’t got up in the intended time I steal did the thing that are suppose to be done and got some pretty good learning time too.

## **How did I grow? (Describe a moment where you made some lemonade: How did you grow from a setback? What did you notice about yourself in the process?)**

you have to move trough, because stopping isn’t an option0

## **What's one thing I wish to release?**

(What behavior, thought, relationship, or thing do you wish to leave behind in 2017? Which experiences drag you down, keep you from being productive, or make you your best self?)

Anger

## **What am I grateful for?**

Make a list of at least five things you're grateful for:

1. My best-friend
2. My Family
3. Everything
4. Breathing
5. Growing as a person

## **What made me smile?**

I had so much fun listening to music today

## **Did I do something that was out my comfort zone?**

Going to do Yoga after a long day, even tough i really don’t wan to.

## What was your peak experience or accomplishment in the past day? Your main challenge?

i Don’t fell like I accomplish my full capabilities

## What early warning signals are calling for your attention?

**Work trough the Pain.**

## What strong desire did you notice?

to start working, and be good at it.

## What can you do to improve your health, energy and memory?

Not Giving a Fuck