# 24/5

## **What did I discover new about myself?**

that I need to  just keep moving, one foot after another until I die.

## **What can I do better tomorrow?**

be more focus towards the end of the day

## **What was the best thing that happened to me today?**

listening the album of “Vacations”

## **What am I most proud of? (**Take a moment to consider from the current day. Capture one or more moments you're proud of on paper.**)**

forcing myself to go the “hard” way which i recently learnt is also the fun way

## **How did I grow? (Describe a moment where you made some lemonade: How did you grow from a setback? What did you notice about yourself in the process?)**

I have a old-new rule that every time that I feel like i want to let go or give up, **I’m going in harder**

## **What's one thing I wish to release?**

(What behavior, thought, relationship, or thing do you wish to leave behind in 2017? Which experiences drag you down, keep you from being productive, or make you your best self?)

the idea that I’m my past self, **I’m who I’m now**

## **What am I grateful for?**

Make a list of at least five things you're grateful for:

1. My Family
2. My father
3. My best-friend
4. the ability to listen to music
5. the chance to expatriate life

## **What made me smile?**

I really felt good talking to my friend.

## **Did I do something that was out my comfort zone?**

doing the yoga in the middle of the day

## What was your peak experience or accomplishment in the past day? Your main challenge?

finishing the course in cybersecurity in 1.5 days

## What strong desire did you notice?

to start working

## What can you do to improve your health, energy and memory?

not giving a Fuck, we’re all going to die, at-least have fun