# 16/5

## **What did I discover new about myself?**

I Cling to dopamine very quickly 

## **What can I do better tomorrow?**

stick to the calendar schedule and the finish the ToDo list

## **What was the best thing that happened to me today?**

talk to a class friend, and to my best-friend

## **What am I most proud of? (**Take a moment to consider from the current day. Capture one or more moments you're proud of on paper.**)**

on not buying the beverage in the store although I really wanted to

## **How did I grow? (Describe a moment where you made some lemonade: How did you grow from a setback? What did you notice about yourself in the process?)**

Didn’t happen today

## **What's one thing I wish to release?**

(What behavior, thought, relationship, or thing do you wish to leave behind in 2017? Which experiences drag you down, keep you from being productive, or make you your best self?)

the feeling of addiction 

## **What am I grateful for?**

Make a list of at least five things you're grateful for:

- getting up in the morning
- my best-friend
- family
- opportunities
- health

## **What made me smile?**

Talking to my dad

## **Did I do something that was out my comfort zone?**

—

## What was your peak experience or accomplishment in the past day? Your main challenge?

—

## What decisions need to be made? What problems need to be solved?

## What early warning signals are calling for your attention?

recap on the collage material

## What strong desire did you notice?

to go to fucking work, and but a car

## What can you do to improve your health, energy and memory?

not giving a fuck