# 17/5

## **What did I discover new about myself?**

I need to put in the work especially when it’s hard.

## **What can I do better tomorrow?**

wake up in 5 AM

Do the work out in the morning

stick to the schedule

## **What was the best thing that happened to me today?**

got my new computer which hopefully help my to get more done

## **What am I most proud of? (**Take a moment to consider from the current day. Capture one or more moments you're proud of on paper.**)**

—

## **How did I grow? (Describe a moment where you made some lemonade: How did you grow from a setback? What did you notice about yourself in the process?)**

failed today

## **What's one thing I wish to release?**

(What behavior, thought, relationship, or thing do you wish to leave behind in 2017? Which experiences drag you down, keep you from being productive, or make you your best self?)

the sucking feeling of comfort, set something and just fucking do it.

## **What am I grateful for?**

Make a list of at least five things you're grateful for:

1. My Health
2. My Family
3. opportunities
4. My Friends
5. My Best Friend

## **What made me smile?**

nothing

## **Did I do something that was out my comfort zone?**

I didn’t excide my blocked time on the apps. 

## What was your peak experience or accomplishment in the past day? Your main challenge?

—

## What decisions need to be made? What problems need to be solved?

a lot of problems

## What early warning signals are calling for your attention?

didn’t

## What strong desire did you notice?

work hard

## What can you do to improve your health, energy and memory?

not give a fuck about other thing, besides of working hard and smart